RHOAIENG-1910: Rework the documentation to be more consistent (#213)
opendatahub-io/ai-edge: docs/preparing_the_infrastructure.md

| Components                                      | Version          | Core Cluster | Near Edge Cluster(s) |
|-------------------------------------------------|:-----------------|:------------:|:--------------------:|
| Red Hat OpenShift clusters                      | 4.12 or higher   |     Yes      |         Yes          |
| Red Hat OpenShift Pipelines                     | 1.11 or higher   |     Yes      |          No          |
| Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes      | 2.8              |     Yes      |          No          |
| OpenShift GitOps                                | 1.10.1 or higher |     Yes      |          No          |
| Open Data Hub (optional)                        | 1.x or 2.x       |     Yes      |          No          |

## Installation of OpenShift Clusters

The installation of OpenShift clusters is out of scope of this repository. At least one OpenShift cluster is required to act as the core cluster and at least one OpenShift cluster is required to act as the near edge cluster.

### Edge Development Environment Using Red Hat OpenShift Local

> For development purposes, you can use [Red Hat OpenShift Local](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_local/2.32/html/getting_started_guide/index) to create a local OpenShift cluster and use it as the edge cluster. This way you can test that the management and deployment of AI/ML inference workloads from the core cluster to the edge cluster works as expected.

Reviewer: Just a passing comment: I'd guess for development purposes, you could do everything on a single cluster...just have the core cluster be in the target clusterset. I haven't tried that though.

Author: Yes but I'd doubt that the resources would be sufficient, without the pipeline and ODH, the memory and CPU were around the 80% point. I think a more productive environment is to have the core in the cloud and the near-edge as an OpenShift Local.

Reviewer: I should have made it clearer what I meant here: if the core cluster is being hosted on a cloud (AWS/OpenStack/etc), then that could be used as the target cluster for GitOps in a development flow, rather than needing a second environment (whether that's another cluster hosted in a cloud, or an OpenShift Local environment).

To use Red Hat OpenShift Local you need:
- A local machine with at least 18GB of RAM and 6 CPU cores available only for the OpenShift Local cluster.
- A Red Hat OpenShift cluster as the core cluster which can be reached from the OpenShift Local cluster.

  Follow the instructions in the [Getting Started Guide](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_local/2.32/html/getting_started_guide/index) to install Red Hat OpenShift Local.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > 1. OpenShift local comes with three presets that represent managed container runtimes: `openshift`, `microshift`, and `podman`. We will use the `openshift` preset to create the local OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. OpenShift Local comes with three presets that represent managed container runtimes: `openshift`, `microshift`, and `podman`. We will use the `openshift` preset to create the local OpenShift cluster.
```

> 1. Make sure you start the OpenShift Local cluster with at least 18GB of RAM and 6 CPU cores via `crc start --memory 18432 --cpus 6`

Once the OpenShift Local cluster is up and running, you can use it as the edge cluster in the proof of concept and continue with the installation of the components in the next sections.

## Installation of Red Hat OpenShift Pipelines

> Building an inference service container with a trained model can be done using Red Hat OpenShift Pipelines. Follow the instructions in [pipelines/README.md](../pipelines/README.md) to install Red Hat OpenShift Pipelines and configure the core cluster to use it to build the inference service containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building an inference service container image with a trained model can be done using Red Hat OpenShift Pipelines. Follow the instructions in [pipelines/README.md](../pipelines/README.md) to install Red Hat OpenShift Pipelines and configure the core cluster to use it to build the inference service container images.
```

   In the OpenShift Console in Menu > Operators > Installed Operators > Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes >
   the MultiClusterHub tab, use the "Create MultiClusterHub" button to create its configuration.
1. Refresh the OpenShift Console page.
1. Create a cluster set for your near edge clusters.
   In the OpenShift Console this can be done in All Clusters menu > Infrastructure > Clusters > Cluster sets tab.
   This repository assumes the name `poc-near-edge` in `clusterSets`
   in [`acm/registration/near-edge/base/near-edge.yaml`](../acm/registration/near-edge/base/near-edge.yaml)
   so update that YAML file if you use a different name.
1. Import the near edge cluster(s).
   In the OpenShift Console this can be done in All Clusters menu > Infrastructure > Clusters > Cluster list tab.
   In the Cluster set popup menu, select the cluster set you created for the near edge clusters.
   If you use the Import mode of "Enter your server URL and API token for the existing cluster",
   obtain the address of the server and the token on the other cluster's OpenShift Console
   at the top-right corner user menu > Copy login command, for an admin user.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > To import the OpenShift Local clusters you must use the "Run import commands manually" import mode.

Reviewer: I guess this is true for all clusters that the hub can't connect directly to, right?

Author: I don't think so, I think the other mode works if the edge-cluster is discoverable IIUC.

Reviewer: We're saying the same thing from different angles :upside_down_face:
